--- Review 1 ---
Author: PASTOR B.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Feb 16, 2024 · 5★
Quote:
Weston freaking (he’s going to make me curse) Smith!! [b] Weston was the best decision I could’ve made for my wife’s birthday. [/b] He has a light presence to him and he’s very thoughtful in his approach. Not only is he very easy to talk to, he uses local ingredients sourced from Minnesota and Wisconsin. I can’t speak enough on how great he paired all of the flavors of every dish. He cleaned up after himself and [i]there’s a reason why Weston Smith is #1.[/i]

--- Review 2 ---
Author: Alexander E.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Jan 28, 2024 · 5★
Quote:
Had Weston over to cook a plated dinner for the family after our daughter’s birthday. Prompt concise details to organize and we loved the local ingredients. [b]Definitely recommend for intimate and delicious dinners.[/b]

--- Review 3 ---
Author: Melissa S.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Sep 4, 2023 · 5★
Quote:
From the initial inquiry through to the final bite of delicious food every detail and expectation was exceeded. The menu was original and also appealing to our entire dinner party. The food and ingredients were sourced locally and of the best quality, every dish was prepared perfectly. [b]It was not just a meal, but an experience[/b] and we were all so grateful for the wonderful evening! Many thanks!

--- Review 4 ---
Author: Amanda W.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Aug 22, 2023 · 5★
Quote:
Weston was so gracious as to add our event to his schedule last minute despite already being booked earlier in the day. Everyone was impressed with the great menu, delicious food (kids included!) and friendly service.

--- Review 5 ---
Author: Kendra W.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Jul 28, 2023 · 5★
Quote:
I hired Weston as a gift to my partner for our anniversary. The experience could not have been more amazing! Weston was extremely responsive on Thumbtack, and quickly made adjustments to the menu based on our preferences. He was very fun to chat with while he was cooking, and had a lot of details to share about the ingredients he was using. We are excited to hire Weston again, and would recommend him to anyone!

--- Review 6 ---
Author: Emily K.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Mar 26, 2023 · 5★
Quote:
Think of the Taste, Quality, Creativity and Service of the best restaurant in Minneapolis and then bring it to your home… that’s what Weston delivers! I hired Weston for a small dinner party for my husbands birthday. He was very responsive, worked with me on planning a menu that exceeded expectations for my budget and taste, and helped with making excellent wine recommendations. He was a pleasure to have at my home and presented everything beautifully. He was efficient and thorough in cleaning up afterwards. [b]Did I mention the FOOD WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD?[/b] Highly recommend! Hire him today! I’m already trying to figure out when we can have him back again…

--- Review 7 ---
Author: Ashley G.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Oct 30, 2022 · 5★
Quote:
[b]Weston with Local Effort Food Co is phenomenal![/b] We hired him for our anniversary and the food was spectacular! He was incredibly responsive in the planning process and we enjoyed hearing his stories while he cooked. [b]Plus, we scheduled him after the kids went to bed [/b] which was the perfect ending to our day! We will absolutely be hiring him again!


--- Review 9 ---
Author: Susan B.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Aug 30, 2022 · 5★
Quote:
We hired Weston to cook for a group of 10 for a couples shower we were hosting. He absolutely surpassed all our expectations! He was very responsive and easy to work with setting the menu. But best of all, his imagination and menus made for a yummy dining experience vs just a meal. We would definitely hire him again- and would highly recommend!

--- Review 10 ---
Author: Brad G.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Jul 25, 2022 · 5★
Quote:
We were looking for a special way to celebrate my wife’s birthday. We found Weston through thumbtack and booked him to cook a special dinner for 6. It was amazing! His communication up front was excellent, he uses local fresh ingredients and the food was great! He is friendly, professional, and no mess to clean after. We will be booking Weston again.

--- Review 11 ---
Author: Garett S.
Context: Thumbtack · Verified · Jan 16, 2022 · 5★
Quote:
It’s such a pleasure to work with people who not only have the necessary expertise for a great culinary experience but who also clearly care [i]very deeply[/i] about what they are doing! Highest recommendation.

